Add size-limit bundle size analysis tool (#705)
formium/tsdx: templates/basic/README.md

Jest tests are set up to run with `npm test` or `yarn test`.

> ### Bundle analysis
> 
> Calculates the real cost of your library using [size-limit](https://github.com/ai/size-limit) with `npm run size` and visulize it with `npm run analyze`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bundle Analysis

[`size-limit`](https://github.com/ai/size-limit) is set up to calculate the real cost of your library with `npm run size` and visualize the bundle with `npm run analyze`.
```

Consistency with capitalization and sentence structure with the rest of the sentences in this section. Also fixes a spelling mistake (visulize -> visualize)

### GitHub Actions

Two actions are added by default:

> - `main` which runs installs deps w/ cache, lints, tests, and builds on all pushes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `main` which installs deps w/ cache, lints, tests, and builds on all pushes
```

Fixes grammatical issue

> - `size` which comments cost comparison of your library on every pull request using [size-limit](https://github.com/ai/size-limit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `size` which comments cost comparison of your library on every pull request using [`size-limit`](https://github.com/ai/size-limit)
```
